Statistics on errors in the reference translations:


Sentence_num, Error type, Sentence, Possible improvement
1518, N/A, "Chengguan has scarred the government," China Daily, a national publication, lamented last year after yet another controversy over tactics.
199, Omission of important information, "Those are recommended even for people with diabetes who have a nervous system disorder, so they assume 'information' from the joints and skin in an ill way," explains Sylvia Hadamczikova, who specializes in upholstered furniture., "Those are" should refer to a mattress type
---, Past participle used instead of ing form,upholstered instead of upholstering (lack of fluency)
---, inappropriate use of idiomatic expression, "assume information"
---, Here the machine translation is ranked higher because it gives more accurate information about the meaning of the sentence while the reference translation is hardly understandable.
1346, N/A
240, ref translation is ranked 2nd, but there's nobody who's done better(there's no 1st place)
---, But be careful when you use a wrong pillow with a correct mattress and slatted base (large and "stuffed"), most of the "pluses" will disappear.
---, the 'a' in front of "slatted base" is missing, correct mattress is not fluent (should be "proper mattress")
1158,wrong preposition(should be prosperity "to"...),After a decade of growth that brought great prosperity for the Irish with it, the hard times have returned.
450, Omission of "the" in front of 'police',omission of verb "saying", A spokesman of the Land Fund Lubomíra Černá replied to the question by Pravo that police actually made arrests at a detached workplace in Plzen, namely during the public tendering procedure.
1798, N/A(may be choice of word thawing according to context would have been different), But Wednesday's statement suggested a potential thawing.
1691, N/A, "Finally, ordinary criminals and corrupt inspectors are at the lowest level."
357, N/A, "I see them show greater loyalty and pride that they are involved in something that gained universal recognition."
724, finished ice cream sounds not fluent,There is also a device that beats the finished ice cream mixture to a creamy consistency while cooling it to negative temperatures.
1766, spelling tyres agains tires, Pol Pot's body was burned here on a pile of tires after his death in 1998.
1667, Pronomial error,Whoever is judged to be losing is likely to shift course and seek compromise.
1374, N/A judge is biased(all translations are the same, bu ref is marked 4th, America has fallen.
1375,past participle confused with noun (planned and plans, common for spanish),Planned Islamic centers also have sparked protests in other parts of the country, including near ground zero, the site of the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in New York City.
1902,"deny this end"??,La Caritat, through its director, fully denied this end yesterday and mentioned that "the lack of measures couldn't have been at any moment the cause of what had happened."
336, 2nd but still best,His success story is much like one from a movie.
82,rpg portfolio,Letters with new leases have been sent to mailboxes of most of the tenants of 44 thousand dwellings RPG portfolio in the Ostrava region since about mid-November.
1336,jazz's neighborhood??, Her ambitious 2010 album, "Chamber Music Society," certainly marked a step forward, and given her airily inviting vocal style and a deft hand with pop, funk and Latin influences, it's possible to draw at least a dotted line to Spalding from Norah Jones' runaway success in 2003, the closest equivalent to Grammy voters looking toward jazz's neighborhood in this category in recent years.
277, wrong pronoun-should be your privacy not their, Even at the cost of disruption to their privacy.
160, N/A, Other sculptural elements of the building also contain hidden religious motives.
589,N/A,The U.S. Army deployed a new "smart weapon" in Afghanistan, known so far only by a codename XM-25.
490,N/A,It's durable, too.
243,wrong terms-shoulder cradle and not bedframe,When lying on the side, the pillow should be able to deal (along with the shoulder cradle of the slatted bed or softened zone in the mattress) with shoulder height.
1819,???,The messages are from 2008.

















